Hide and Seek and Shoot, more concretely.

---MAP---
First thing first, the map will be just the whole screen.
It can have some texture, for example grass or sand.

---WALLS---
On the map there will be a bunch of walls,
which are rectangles of arbitrary different sizes.
They may or may not have a texture.
They might be just some dark grey color.
They will not overlap with each other nor with the screen,
and they should have some meaningful distance between them,
so that the player and the enemy can pass.
Their exact layout, number and color can be loaded from a file.

---PLAYER---
Player entity will consist of a head, viewed from above, and a gun next to the head.
The user will be able to move the player entity around the map with WASD keys.
Of course the player's entity can move only inside the map and outside of walls, and outside of the enemy.
But those WASD controls will only account for translation movement.
The player entity will also be rotated by the user's mouse.
More specifically the player entity will always look at where the mouse is.
The mouse will also be the target of the gun.
So the gun should be pointed towards that target.
With the press of the left mouse button a bullet will be shot from the gun
directly towards the target (mouse).
When the player/enemy is hit by a bullet, the bullet will disappear,
and the player's/enemy's health points will go down by some amount. (refer to this sentence as bullet-rule-0)

---ENEMY---
The enemy will also consist of a head (different texture), viewed from above, and a gun next to the head (same texture).
The enemy will have something called a visual angle, which determines its field of view.
The field of view will be visualised with straight lines (probably pale red), evenly spaced,
going out from the center of the enemy's head towards every direction withing the visual angle,
until they reach a wall or the map's borders.
When the player is withing the field of view of the enemy, we will say that the enemy sees the player.
When the enemy sees the player, it will chase the player, meaning that it will move directly towards them
with some constant speed.
When the enemy stops seeing the player, it will remember the last position where it saw the player,
and move towards that position, until getting reasonably close to that position,
and then it will understand that the player is not there.
At that point the enemy is lost and has no idea where the player is,
so it will chose a random point on the map (in version 1 of the game, that point will be always
chosen so that it can be reached with a straight line. Later it can be made to be any point,
and the path will have to be found with an A* algorithm) and move towards it until getting reasonably close,
then choose another random point, and so on, until the player is seen again.
When the player is currently seen, the enemy will shoot bullets from time to time
at the direction of the player. (bullet-rule-0 applies here).
Of course the enemy also can move only inside the map, outside of walls, and outside of the player.
Also the enemy is always looking at their target point, and the gun is pointed towards that same point.
That point is the last spot where the player has been seen, or the randomly chosen point.

---BULLETS---
Bullets are just rectangles with some texture, or color.
They have an initial position, which is the tip of the gun, from which they are fired.
They also have a velocity vector, which determines the speed and direction towards which they are moving.
They move in a straight line until they hit player, enemy, wall or the border of the map.
(When hitting the player/enemy, bullet-rule-0 applies)

---HEALTH BARS---
There will be two health bars in the upper corners,
indicating the player and enemy's health points at each instance.
